graphical bugs/issues
-------------------------------------------
echo menu should have a preview of the note
strum menu too?

more obvious loop menu: loop info on Right side and prompt for (sel to edit loop)

files fly out too fast in file menu

controls on strum menu are a little weird

adding functionality
-------------------------------------------
swing should be global by default, or can be "applied" to a range of notes/track
    - 'N' to create a swing functionality
    - Second swing screen w/tabs gone, just for creating swing curve
    - OR select an autotrack to grab swing from

Autotracks should be able to be overlaid/applied to the sequence
    - target note vel, note timing

select box for PC messages

instead of rand on main menu
    - liveloop?
    - CV?

also...maybe get rid of quantize and humanize icons? instead have a stencil, superposition/chop

menu should open a menu in the livelooper, which gives you the option to exit, but also other options

refactoring/cleaning code
-------------------------------------------

randomize should become an application, replace with CV

bugs (broken features/crashes)
-------------------------------------------
Quantize fn is broken -- seems to delete notes when it shouldn't? quantizing same notes twice deletes them

chop breaks too

can't move notes if the distance is smaller than their length

- also, the scale selector is too fast
- and the rain app runs too quickly

hmm... autotrack data isn't sent correctly! Pretty bad bug, and weird. Seems to be ableton specific maybe? bascially only like 0--127 are sent, and kind of on time, but no intermediate values.

glitch where trigger autotracks... just play anyway?

track pitches not getting loaded correctly from files

NEXT UPDATE:
multiple super position edit at once

